So let's build our off feature module.
Maybe you already did it.
If not feel yourself challenged to do this on your own.
But I will do it together with you now.
So in the off folder here I will now create my off module TS file which will hold my off module and
while you already learn that we add energy modules here to make that a module we then also add the import
to that from an Anglo core.
And now we need to declare what should be inside our all module what what should be inside in our declarations.
We need to declare which components and directives you use here.
And we only use the seinen component anti-siphon up component like this.
Make sure you also add imports to both files.
We also need to import any modules you might use here.
Now we don't need to import the shared module because we don't really use anything from that.
We don't use to drop down directive.
We don't even use a common module because we're neber using energy class styles for or for any of the
above common directives.
Now if you get an error or about some directive missing you probably should add it because maybe you
somehow added some directive but I don't use any of these directives.
So the only module I need to import here is the forms module.
And with that imported from an English forms I can now go to my app Marchal and your import to my off
module.
Make sure to also add the import lbf here.
Now with that added here I can remove the sign up and sign in component from the declarations array
and remove the imports you don't need any more including the forms module.
And we should see that our application still works.
Once this relo to your if I go do you log in and register pages.
That seems to work and if I do actually log in looks fine.
So with that we created the app Marchal.
However Ford is Mauch all we could think about outsourcing our off related routes from the routing module.
So I will go to the off Marchal and create my office routing module file and hearable Kuechly export
of routing module and again attach N-G module does decorator to it.
And with that add as you're here I don't need to declare anything.
Instead I simply want to import the router module to register my routes and avoid it.
I need to find a router first.
So my all routes which is simply of type or ought to be imported from the ED angle or router package.
Well you offer zealots here can be copied or kept from the operating module and I can put them into
the off routing module here.
Of course now we also have to add the imports to these components again only for typescript.
And in the Eberling module I can remove these imports because we don't reference these types anymore.
So the Aberdeen Marchal really got a lot leaner now and now in the off routing module year I can again
import the router module and then register my router with for child off routes here and now also export
the router module in an array like that.
Roger Marchal needs to be imported from every angle or router and we want to use that in the off module.
So let's add an import duty of routing module and since we import the all module in the AB module these
routes which are registered with for child.
Which simply means for a child to module and a feature module is a child module any module except for
the app module is a child module since we have that set up everything should work just like before.
If the app reloads we can still visit all these pages and we can still log in successfully.
So that is the off module created with that we created a lot of feature modules in the next step.
I want to dive deeper into how we can now use these feature modules to improve the performance of our
application and then which SRODES services play in feature modules.